You will produce a report containing some or all of the following sections answering the associated questions. If a question is not applicable to your project, you can skip it. You are free to answer other relevant questions in your report too. The structure below is a template to help you start writing it. All students are required to submit by the deadline. No extension/late submission will be allowed. Each group member must submit and all submissions from a group must be identical.
1. Introduction: What is the problem? Why is it important? If solved, how will it impact?
2. Data: How were the data collected originally (i.e. sensors, networks, census, etc.)? How did you collect (wrote crawler, from contest, from a prof. etc.)? How did you pre-process the data, if at all? Describe a few rows from your data by plotting. Describe some preliminary statistics about your data such as feature distribution, class distribution,  etc. 
3. Algorithm: Describe your algorithms even if they are straight forward text book algorithm. Describe all parameters you had used. Cite original sources if you use material from others. Consider writing toy example, pseudocode, formula, etc. to better present the algorithm.
4. Experimental Results: Show execution time (in table or in chart). Show accuracy if you have labeled data. Show comparison between the methods you had tried. Show differences observed in accuracy and speed by changing parameter values. If dataset is large, try producing the results on small sample and run on the entire dataset once.
5. Discussion: What did you learn? If you were doing it all over again, how would you do it?
6. Conclusion: How much has each group member contributed to the project in programming, data collection, writing, etc.?
